Blog/embertimes 182 Covered the article "Migrating Controllers to top-level Components (#979)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-182.md

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 182
authors:

>   - Tim Foster # replace with real authors from the author folder (add yourself if you're not there)

Reviewer: Sorry, the directions aren't too clear. Here, you'll want to add the identifier corresponding to your name.

```suggestion
  - tim-foster # replace with real authors from the author folder (add yourself if you're not there)
```

👋 Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Controllers in Top-level Components

---

## [Migrating Controllers to top-level Components in Ember 📖](https://dev.to/juanazam/migrating-controllers-to-top-level-components-in-ember-ggc)

> In this [blog post](https://dev.to/juanazam/migrating-controllers-to-top-level-components-in-ember-ggc), [Juan Manuel Azambuja (@juanazam)](https://github.com/juanazam) shows a real world example of how to replace your template contents with a single top-level component. The top-level component can then take on a similar role as the controller. There's a few tricks to get this to work and a useful discussion of using [ember-modifiers](https://github.com/ember-modifier/ember-modifier) addon to solve updating issues. The blog sums up the advantages and disadvantages of this approach, cautioning that the framework doesn't fully support this solution without some compromises.

Reviewer: I thought your summary of the blog post was good. I think we can improve readability by breaking a large paragraph into smaller ones.

What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
In this [blog post](https://dev.to/juanazam/migrating-controllers-to-top-level-components-in-ember-ggc), [Juan Manuel Azambuja (@juanazam)](https://github.com/juanazam) shows a real world example of how to replace your template contents with a single top-level component. The top-level component can then take on a similar role as the controller.

Juan presents a few tricks as well as a useful discussion of using [ember-modifiers](https://github.com/ember-modifier/ember-modifier) addon to solve updating issues. The blog sums up the advantages and disadvantages of the top-level approach, and cautions that the framework doesn't fully support this solution without some compromises.
```

Reviewer: **optional**

I think it'd be good if you add a short, third paragraph, which makes a call-to-action. A common call-to-action would be to suggest a reader to reading the blog post if they are interested.
